# Linx Impulse Front-end Challenge

Challenge to Front-end Itern position at Linx Impulse. It consists in a Lading Page layout with a product grid and a newsletter form. 

* 📐 [Design Points](#user-content-design-points)
* 🕺 [Demo](#user-content-demo)
* 💻 [Local Development](#user-content-local-development)


## Design Points

This project is a combo of two npm project: frontend UI and backend server. There are two `package.json` configs - so there are [two places to run `npm` commands](#user-content-local-development):

  1. [**Node server**](/): [`./package.json`](package.json)
  2. [**React UI**](client/): [`client/package.json`](client/package.json)
      * generated by [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app)
      * deployed via `build` script in the Node server's [`./package.json`](package.json)

## Demo

[Demo deployment](https://adriano-sotos-challange.herokuapp.com): example API call from the React UI is fetched from an external API that is served by an Express handler in the Node server.


## Local Development

Due to this project is made of two npm projects, there are two different places to run `npm` commands:

1. **Node API server** at the root `./`
1. **React UI** in `client/` directory.

### Run the API server

In a terminal:

```bash
# Initial setup
npm install

# Start the server
npm start
```

### Run the React UI

This React app has a proxy configuration to handle backend requests to the local Node server. ()[`"proxy"` config](client/package.json)


Open a new terminal tab from the API server and start the UI:

```bash
# Change directory, first
cd client/

# Initial setup
npm install

# Start the server
npm start
```

### Shortcut to development

This project uses concurrently npm library to make it easier to develop. By a single command, it starts the server and run client at the same time. First make sure to `npm install` on both directories.

```bash
# on Root directory
npm run dev 
```